SCOTTY: It's showtime, contestants!
It's the big league. The greatest virtual game show on the planet.
THE FINALS.
We know you're one of the billions who watch the show,
but as a contestant, there are a few extra things you need to know.
Over to you, June!

JUNE: Welcome to the backstage!
This is where you select a build, specialization,
and a loadout of weapons and gadgets that suit the way you want to play.
It's also where you choose how you want to look.
This is how our fans will see you, so be sure to express yourself.
There are two ways to compete:
a single-match mode called Quick Cash
where three teams of three compete to be the first to reach a certain cash total;
and then there are Tournaments,
where you compete in teams of three in escalating rounds to earn fame.
Avoid being knocked out, and you can claim victory.
Now for the action! Scotty, back to you.

SCOTTY: In each mode, you'll be playing a version of Cashout.
First, find a vault, and open it to get a cash box.
Stay alert. Other teams might be trying to ambush you.
Take the cash box to a cashout station and start the cashout.
This will take time to complete,
and your cashout could be stolen by another team.
Play smart, set up defenses, and prepare for exhilarating combat.
In THE FINALS, our arenas are destructible.
So, use all your tools, and whatever you find in the arena, to your advantage.
There are many ways to play, but it all comes down to one thing.
The team with the most cash wins.

JUNE: It's a game show. So, we're going to make it interesting.
When you hear this noise, be prepared for anything.
Meteor showers? Low gravity? You name it.
Our arenas are ultra-dynamic.
It can be a sunny afternoon in one match, and a stormy night in the next,
so adapt by making changes to your loadout.
As a new contestant, you're definitely going to turn into a pile of coins a few times.
Learn the ropes. Stick with it. The fans will love you.

JUNE: Time to go get famous.
SCOTTY: Stay sharp. Stay healthy. Let's get started!
