[CASHOUT TOURNAMENT]
JUNE: Step into tournament mode.
Avoid being knocked out and you can reach the final round.
And... thats exactly what this gameshow is all about.
SCOTTY: You'll still play Cashout.
Find a Vault, grab the Cash Box, insert it into a Cashout Station
and don't let anyone steal it.
JUNE: Start in the knockout rounds were your team needs to earn enough
cash to finish in the top two each time.
In the final round it's just two teams in a single match rush.
The first to reach twenty thousand will be our champions.
SCOTTY: Tournaments are the pinnacle of competitive play.
That means your respawn coins are limited for the entire tournament.
And, you can't change your loadout mid-round.
JUNE: When you're ready, you can even join in a ranked tournament
were your performance can boost you to a new league.
SCOTTY: So, team up, jump in, and give us a show!
Can you reach the finals?

[QUICK CASH]
SCOTTY: It's show time contestants!
Lets start by diving into Quick Cash.
JUNE: You'll play Cashout as a single-match rush, with three teams of three.
The first team to reach twenty thousand, wins.
SCOTTY: First, head for the Vault and grab the Cash Box.
JUNE: Next, insert the box into a Cashout Station.
But be careful, your opponents can steal a Cashout in progress.
SCOTTY: Thats right, you'll need to set up defenses
and use our arena to your advantage. 
Be ready for anything.
JUNE: Now gear up, get out there, and give us a show!

[BANK IT]
SCOTTY: The arena is about to rain coins in Bank It.
JUNE: Four teams, three players each, and coins absolutely everywhere.
SCOTTY: Head to the vaults to get those coins. 
The more coins you're carrying the longer the trail gets behind you.
And, the longer the your trail, the bigger the target on your back.
JUNE: Your team doesn't earn those coins until you deposit them.
If you're eliminated whilst you're carrying coins,
they'll scatter for anyone else to grab.
Finders keepers!
SCOTTY: The team to reach forty thousand first,
or the richest team when time is up, will win.
Combat, speed, and just a dash of greed, welcome to Bank It!

[SOLO BANK IT]
JUNE: No teammates, no support. It's Bank It, solo edition.
SCOTTY: Head for the vaults, and pick up those coins.
You don't earn them until you make a deposit.
JUNE: The more coins you're carrying the longer the trail gets behind you.
The longer the your trail, the bigger the target on your back.
And there are eleven other contestants who might be aiming at you.
SCOTTY: If you're eliminated while you're carrying coins,
they'll scatter for anyone else to grab.
Plus, in Solo Bank It,
you'll get an instant cash bonus when you eliminate an opponent,
no deposit required.
JUNE: The contestant to reach forty thousand,
or the richest contestant when time is up, will win.
Good luck out there, you'll need it!
It's you versus everyone.
