Copyright (C) 1982
MultiCo
All rights reserved.
Version 76.4.01
Thursday 26-May-24 03:00:00

＞ SYS.ROLLBACK S1.SAV --VERIFY --NOTIFY
＞ VAIIYA.FRONTIER_DEFENDER DEPLOY --SCOPE=SYSTEM_WIDE

＞ LOADING...

Yes we are back, a brand new season filled with tons of love, straight from the bottom of our dev hearts...
Yes a new season filled with passion from everyone at Embark to you, our gamers, our everything.!
Question, what would a new season be without a new scroll text.?!
The answer is, well, still great but not as perfect.!
So get ready... Pop a soda and grab the left over popcorn from yesterday...
Here we go...
Let s start with the most important thing first...
A huge thanks to all our gamers out there, you inspire us, you fuel us, you make the sun shine even when the rain is pouring...
Thanks to all the amazing content creators that post your amazing videos art songs drawings streams thoughts poems that make us smile and laugh.... love it... 
Thanks to all of you who make amazing fan art, funny memes, thank you for sharing your love..!
Thank you all and see you in the arena, from Embark with love.!

...Ohh, did you think we were going to forget all of you on our Discord, all the amazing computer geeks, modders, sceners etc...
Well of course not, thank you.! 
Time to end this text and press play... See you in the arena.!

Wait, are we not forgetting something.?? Haha never.!
As always, a mega big shoutout to all our fellow gamemakers out there, keep it up.!

...But now it is time to end this scroller... You should not waste more time here...
GLHFGG.!

...Ok to all of you EE hunters out there... Missing discs...

...Ok now its wrapping time for reals... See you in THE FINALS.!
And same as last time... Take care of each other out there...
And yes we have said it before and we will say it again and again
From Embark with love.!

...Hey still here.?!
Seriously leave the credits now, press play and jump into the arena instead...
GGOUT...

End of scroll for Season 3... Scroll restarting in 
5  4  3  2  1 
