SCOTTY: Congratulations. You're on THE FINALS.
It's the big league. The greatest virtual game show on the planet.
So, we know you watch our show, and that means you already know what to do.
Build your contestant, enter the arena,
find a vault, grab the cash box, and take it to a cashout station.
Defend against attacks and steals.
The team with the most money wins.
Stay sharp. Stay healthy. June, let's get started!

JUNE: Whoa. Let's pump the brakes.
Scotty, we shouldn't throw new contestants into the action
- and in front of the billions of viewers who plug in to watch -
without a bit more information. I'll take it from here.
This is the backstage. It's where you choose how you want to play
by selecting a specialization and loadout.
It's also where you choose how you want to look.
This is how our fans will see you, so be sure to express yourself.
There are two ways to compete: a single match called Quick Play, where the winner takes all,
or a Tournament with multiple rounds where you need to avoid being knocked out.
Either way, you will play in a team of three.
You may want to adjust your loadout to complement that of your teammates before you head into the arena.

You'll be playing Cashout.
Basically, you need to find a cash box and insert it in a cashout station.
That's how you get to the top of the leaderboard.
Of course, it's not quite that easy.
Ready to see what you'll be facing?
First, try to find a vault. An unopened vault will contain a cash box.
Grab the cash box and go to a cashout station.
Stay alert and work as a team to get there.
A cashout takes time to complete,
and other teams can try to ambush you and steal your cashout,
so set up defenses.
There are many ways to play, but it all comes down to one thing.
If you control the cashout station when the countdown ends, you get the cash,
and the team with the most cash wins the match.
In THE FINALS, our arenas are destructible,
so be sure to use your specialization and whatever you find in the arena to your advantage.

It's a game show. So, we're going to make it interesting.
When you hear this noise, be prepared for anything.
Meteor showers? Low gravity? You name it.
Our arenas are ultra-dynamic. It can be a sunny afternoon in one match, and a stormy night in the next,
so adapt by making changes to your loadout.
As a new contestant, you're definitely going to turn into a pile of coins a few times.
Learn the ropes. Stick with it. The fans will love you.

Time to go get famous.
Good luck.
