[CASHOUT TOURNAMENT]
JUNE: Step into Tournament mode.
Avoid being knocked out and you can reach the final round.
And... that's exactly what this gameshow is all about.
SCOTTY: You'll still play Cashout.
Find a Vault, grab the Cash Box, insert it into a Cashout Station
and don't let anyone steal it.
JUNE: Start in the knockout rounds where your team needs to earn enough
cash to finish in the top two each time.
In the final round, it's just two teams in a single match rush.
The first to reach twenty thousand will be our champions.
SCOTTY: Tournaments are the pinnacle of competitive play.
That means your respawn coins are limited for the entire Tournament.
And, you can't change your loadout mid-round.
JUNE: When you're ready, you can even join in a Ranked Tournament
where your performance can boost you to a new league.
SCOTTY: So, team up, jump in, and give us a show!
Can you reach THE FINALS?

[WORLD TOUR]
SCOTTY: Contestants, ready, set, go!
The World Tour is here.
JUNE: Throughout the season we will regularly showcase new World Tour events
with different ways for you to compete.
SCOTTY: Climb the leaderboards, and show the world what you've got!
JUNE: And as you rack up wins, you'll upgrade your World Tour badge for all the fans to see.
SCOTTY: You can even earn MultiBucks for your progress.
We're eager to see you conquer each stop on the Tour.
And now...

[TERMINAL ATTACK]
SCOTTY: Welcome to Terminal Attack, the latest craze hitting THE FINALS.
Courtesy of... well, CNS.
JUNE: Here's the rundown.
In this mode, two teams of five face off in a best-of-nine showdown.
SCOTTY: In each round, the teams will be assigned 
the role of Attackers or Defenders.
JUNE: Defenders need to stop the Attackers by eliminating them,
or interrupting the transfer at the Terminal.
For Attackers, the mission is to deliver a Decryption Key to a Terminal
to activate and complete a funds transfer.
SCOTTY: All contestants respawn at the start of each round, but, that's it.
Yes folks! CNS has added some twists, no revives, and no mid-round respawns.
And, gadgets do not recharge mid-round.
JUNE: Every move and every decision could end the round, 
that's why we call it Terminal Attack.
SCOTTY: Alright, let's get started!

[QUICK CASH]
SCOTTY: It's show time contestants!
Let's start by diving into Quick Cash.
JUNE: You'll play Cashout as a single-match rush, with three teams of three.
The first team to reach twenty thousand, wins.
SCOTTY: First, head for the Vault and grab the Cash Box.
JUNE: Next, insert the box into a Cashout Station.
But be careful, your opponents can steal a Cashout in progress.
SCOTTY: That's right, you'll need to set up defenses
and use our arena to your advantage. 
Be ready for anything.
JUNE: Now gear up, get out there, and give us a show!

[BANK IT]
SCOTTY: The arena is about to rain coins in Bank It.
JUNE: Four teams, three players each, and coins absolutely everywhere.
SCOTTY: Head to the vaults to get those coins. 
The more coins you're carrying the longer the trail gets behind you.
And, the longer your trail, the bigger the target on your back.
JUNE: Your team doesn't earn those coins until you deposit them.
If you're eliminated whilst you're carrying coins,
they'll scatter for anyone else to grab.
Finders keepers!
SCOTTY: The team to reach forty thousand first,
or the richest team when time is up, will win.
Combat, speed, and just a dash of greed. Welcome to Bank It!

[POWER SHIFT]
SCOTTY: Contestants, it's time to claim fame in the game we call Power Shift.
Jump into the arena, get to the Platform, and capture it to set it in motion.
JUNE: You'll be earning cash as the Platform starts moving towards your goal.
Try to get two or even three of you on there! So the Platform moves that much faster.
If anything gets in the way of our Platform, it'll just rip right through it.
You'll have to adapt your attack or defense as the arena crumbles around you.
SCOTTY: And, in this competition you can switch your whole contestant pack between respawns.
The first team to reach their goal, or the team that's closest when time's up, wins!
JUNE: However, if your team holds the Platform but isn't in the lead when time is up,
we will call overtime. 
Just to see if you can get it back across the center line to secure the win.
Good luck out there! And, don't let the power shift away from you.
