Copyright (C) 1982
MultiCo
All rights reserved.
Version 76.4.02
Thursday 12-Dec-24 03:00:00

＞ LOADING...

Start of S5 scroll text
Welcome to the Ultimate display of pure pixel power in the world of the finals...
we strike back with a new season and a new scroll text filled with purelove from the devs at embark. !
welcome to the next stage...
yes here we go again and we will never stop pushing the boundaries and breaking new ground.!
thanks to all you gamers out there who made it possible, thank you for everything.!
you give us the energy to continue to push, push and push and tbh, without you it would not have  been possible...
so shoutout to all the gamers, partners, all streamers, everyone on our discord, all content creators, well thx to every single one of you who made this first year possible,a huge w and thanks from all of us at embark, we love you all.!
together we have travelled around the world, we have built the game together with you and made it the most dynamic and unique fps gameplay experience in the universe.!
without you we are nothing and we are your biggest fans, respect in every aspect.! together we will enter the next stage...
together we will climb to the top...
together we will have fun and together we will dance...
so again welcome to the 1st anniversary, the first amazing year of the finals where we learned how to crawl, we built an amazing community...
we tried things we never thought we would dare...
and yes... we dropped the box a couple of times but thats how we learn and get better...
and we learned thanks to you, we got better, we had fun, and we cried, but we made millions of friends and fans all over the world.!
thank you all for all the support,, your honest feedback, crazy and amazing games, and all the love...
season 5 marks the start of a new chapter...
from embark with love...
2025 here we goooooooo.!
end of  scroll text..?
you know us better thank that...
we  know where we  came from, so an epic massive mega shout out to all the competitive players out there. to all the casters, all passionate gamemakers that never stop pushing, to all the amazing game studios who make the world a better place, 
respect to  all computer geeks, all the modders, all old demosceners... never stop chasing your dreams, rock on, let 5/S live forever and always stay curious...
from embark with love.! 
getting really close to the end of this scroll text and also every  byte counts...
...remember that you are awesome stay strong, repect and take care of each other... together we are unstoppable.!
the finals is our love letter to all gamers all over the world... you are the true rockstars...
we will never step down we are here to build the best game ever built expect nothing else, accept nothing else...
we are embark this is the finals...
see you in the finals...
and until next time... from embark with love...
gg out..!

end of scroll for season 5...
get your teams together... 
2025 lets goooo major ftw.!
